Miss passed all inspections
Your body is in good health.
That's not possible, is it?
The previous doctor clearly
That my cancer had spread
This should be a misunderstanding.
But
But what never again
Don't get me wrong.
What I mean is...
Pass your wife's blood test
Your wife must be pregnant.
I can't believe it.
I didn't have cancer.
On the contrary, she is also pregnant and has been checked so many times
Sure it's alright
Hey, it's you.
This is the guy.
Last time he said my cancer had spread
Excuse me.
My dad has Alzheimer's
Sorry from Dr. Love Ban
Great I'm not sick
If something like this happens again, you must tell me.
That is.
This child cannot